make budget / time budget display configurable (#6)
Keleo/SharedProjectTimesheetsBundle: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 3.2.0

Compatibility: requires minimum Kimai 2.19.0

- Fix dropdowns

> - Feature: added switches to show/hide budget / time budget statistics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feature: added configuration to toggle financial- and time budget statistics
```
